---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2024-05-18
players: 5
Status: ✅
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Rosie]]
- [[Mhazhique Waand|Tom]]
- [[Flick McPlumbs|Cameron]]
- [[Lord Maji Cock|Ben]]

## Absent

%% Keep track of who didn't turn up. %%
- [[Gil Lioth|Alex]]

# Session Recap

You left [[The Steam and Steel]], meeting back up with Mhazhique and heading back to [[The Troll's Sack]] where you find [[Broxley Fairkettle]], and a tall sombre looking man named [[Jeremy Irons]], who had been brought by Broxley to survey the manor for you, non-gratis. 

As the survey got underway, something Jeremy noticed caused Flick to panic and flee the tavern as the rest of the party begin to try to figure out where the writing on the window came from and a noise from upstairs prompted Maji and Geoff to investigate.

Maji found a letter addressed "My Beloved Lif" in a smashed picture frame, but it flew from his hands before he could read it and tore itself up into an empty fireplace, burning seemingly without a flame. Flick returned to the manor and decided to smash the window with the writing on and as a result, Maji and Geoff got trapped in the room upstairs as the door slammed shut behind them. All the while, Jeremy kept stoically undertaking the survey, Mhazhique and Flick went upstairs as they heard the door slam but couldn't free Geoff and Maji. Jeremy frustrated Mhazhique as he came to the sealed door and didn't appear helpful but to say it seemed to be arcane in nature. 

After more attempts to try and provoke/communicate with whatever was doing this, Mhazique and Flick head back downstairs and Flick decides to smash another window, which caused the fireplace both downstairs and upstairs with Maji and Geoff to burst into flame and more messages appeared on the windows. Mhazhique had an idea and as he took rations from his pack, he went to sit by the blazing fire in the fireplace and calmly offered it some rations. It seemed Mhazhique's idea somewhat worked as both fires died down to a pleasant crackling fire. The upstairs door clicked open. 

A magical barstool, some creepy singing and crying later, and the party received the survey results after Jeremy, who seemed completely non-plussed by the events surrounding him, had consulted with Broxley and finished the paperwork ready to be signed...

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

The party started off having just left [[The Steam and Steel]], except for [[Mhazhique Waand|Mhazhique]] who stayed behind in the [[The Troll's Sack||Manor]].

As they left the shop walking out into the street, they spotted [[Mhazhique Waand|Mhazhique]] wandering round the [[Trollskull Alley|alley]]  and decided to head back to [[The Troll's Sack]].

Approaching their new home they spotted two figures stood at the front door waiting for them. One was [[Broxley Fairkettle]] and the other a new person. Broxley introduces the tall pensive looking man as [[Jeremy Irons]], a property surveyor, who has agreed to do their free survey. 

Seemingly devoid of personality, dedicated to his job, Jeremy asks to be shown inside and then gets on with his job, keenly observing seemingly random things including broken furniture and the hatch-less basement porthole in the floor. 

While surveying over by a window he beckons the attention of Flick, who has followed him inside to see what he's doing. He asks him if he knows about the writing on the window. Flick asks "What writing?" and Jeremy stands aside revealing a steamed/fogged up window with the words "LEAVE ME" written on it. Flick first accuses Jeremy of doing it, but after convincing Flick it wasn't him, Flick realises and remembers the tale of Lif and freaks out, running from the building. 

At this point the rest of the party come back into the tavern, except Gil who has started a conversation with Broxley outside about Ale and the brewing process.

Mhazhique is asked the same question Flick was by Jeremy and sees the message in the window. In response he borrows Geoff's waterskin, heats it up with [[thaumaturgy]] to create steam, steams up a nearby windows to check for writing. None of the windows he checks have writing on them already so he goes to the window next to the one with writing on and himself writes "NO" on the window. 

As he does that the party hears a crash from upstairs. Jeremy, who is currently back to surveying the property asks if there's anyone else upstairs. The party says they don't think so but Jeremy assumes it's Flick, having run out hysterically. Geoff and Maji show Jeremy upstairs to continue his survey as the access is exterior. Maji followed by Geoff investigate the noise after showing Jeremy upstairs, who doesn't seem phased by the noise, just carries on his survey. 

Continuing to a corridor, Maji sees a broken picture frame on the floor that wasn't there before. He sees the picture falling out of the frame and sees behind it the corner of an envelope. Picking up the envelop the front reads "To my dearest Lif" and the seal on the back is broken. Maji goes to open it and as it takes out the letter it its pulled from his hand and bobs along in the air through into a bedroom at the other end of the corridor. 

Back downstairs, Flick has come back into the manor as Mhazhique is just putting away the waterskin. Flick goes to the original window and wipes away the "LEAVE ME" writing but to seemingly no effect. After some thought he draws his sword and smashes the window. As he smashes the window they hear a slam upstairs.

Meanwhile upstairs, Maji chases after the letter and as he enters the room he sees the Letter seemingly ripping itself up over by an empty fireplace, but as the pieces reach the floor they seems to burn up before he can get to the fireplace. Geoff follows him into the room and they look at each other in shock as they hear glass smashing downstairs and as soon as it does the door to the room slams shut behind them and the window near the fireplace starts to fog up. Watching it they both see the words "LEAVE ME" being written seemingly by nothing. 

Mhazhique and Flick have made their way upstairs and are on the other side of the door. A few of them try the door but it doesn't budge, turning the handle does nothing. 

Maji writes "WHY" in response on the window and sees in the other window the word "MINE" writing itself. Flick is spooked and goes to the balcony while Mhazhique calls for Jeremy. Jeremy does not appear on command. Flick comes back in and goes to find Jeremy who has his head up a chimney. Flick fogs up a window with his breath and writes something but to no response. 

Jeremy eventually comes through into the corridor and tries the door but it doesn't budge. He turns around and asks Mhazhique to unlock the door. Mhazhique explains that it isn't them and if Jeremy could help. Jeremy says it looks like it's locked in some Arcane manner. He then leaves to continue his survey in the rest of the house, unphased by this weird occurrence. 

Maji asks out loud for whatever this thing is to "Let us leave" and in response on the window the word "Promise" is written. But Maji is reluctant to promise. 

Flick has made his way downstairs and Mhazhique has followed. Flick is attempting to hail the spirit by smashing more windows and as he smashes the window with the original writing on. Fire's start to blaze hot in the fireplaces around the manor. 

Mhazhique has a thought and takes out some rations. He walks calmly over to the fireplace and sits cross legged in front of it, takes a bite of his rations and then offers up some to the fireplace. The fire begins to die down and even starts to crackle pleasantly. Meanwhile upstairs, as Mhazhique does this, the door unlocks and opens slightly. Maji and Geoff quickly leave and head downstairs. 

Singing, crying, barstool moving, Jeremy comes downstairs, talks to Broxley, Broxley presents the fees detailed in a contract to sign, and we ended the session. 