---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2024-06-08
players: 5
Status: ✅
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Rosie]]
- [[Mhazhique Waand|Tom]]
- [[Lord Maji Cock|Ben]]
- [[Gil Lioth|Alex]]

## Absent

%% Keep track of who didn't turn up. %%
- [[Flick McPlumbs|Cameron]]

# Session Recap

After looking at the cost of the restoration, the party agreed to pay the fees to [[Broxley Fairkettle|Broxley]] before the end of the 12 day period of work to restore the [[The Troll's Sack|Manor]] and set out to find ways to earn money. 

They took a taxi-cart from the High Road in the [[North Ward]] just west of [[Trollskull Alley]] heading towards [[The Yawning Portal]] in search of a bounty board for jobs. On the cart they met George and Barry who joined them as they passed the market as they knew the driver, Steve; they too were cart drivers but off duty and currently drunk. 

The party got to [[The Yawning Portal]] after using their ride to persuade Steve to sponsor the opening of their new tavern, which they were to rename [[The Troll's Sack]]. 

Bard palmed them off. 

Inside they found the bounty board and picked up a couple of the notices to pursue; a missing cat and some missing heirlooms. As they were perusing, [[Gil Lioth|Gil]] was hailed by [[Yagra Stonefist]] who invited him for a game of liar's dice with some of her compatriots. Gil joined her along with the rest of the party besides [[Flick McPlumbs|Flick]] who noticed Yagra and spent time figuring out what to say to her and leaned against the bar psyching himself up. 

At the table, most Yagra's compatriots had left besides a long strawberry blonde haired elf, unfamiliar to the party, later to be revealed as [[Davil Starsong]]. He welcomed the party to the table and began playing Liar's Dice - however [[Mhazhique Waand|Mhazhique]] attempted to use magic to change his hand and Davil noticed. He erupted in anger and burst into a rant but admitted he admired Mhazhique's moxy, but that the game was over. He grabbed a handful of gold from the pot and left toward the bar. Everyone retracted their bet and Gil realised he was short by 10 gold so went to confront Davil at the bar. They agreed to a one time bet over a coin flip. Davil would take Gil for another 40 gold if he lost and Gil would get his money back if he won. Gil win's and celebrates with a drink but quickly realises he hasn't gained anything and seems disappointed. Davil before he left expressed his admiration for the talents of him and Mhazhique before telling him to keep an eye out for a message and leaving the Yawning Portal. 

The party then turned their attention back to the bounties they'd taken, asking Durnan for extra info. He tells them he thinks Lady Everdawn resides in the Castle Ward. 

The party head in the direction of the market to try find more info and potentially locate Lady Everdawn to get more info about the missing heirlooms in order to try recover them. In the meantime, Geoff searches alleys for Lord Fluffington, the missing cat. 

Gil found out more info from a mature lady barkeep at the [[Wyrmbones Inn]] named Edith. She told Gil that Lady Everdawn sells knitted goods on the market almost every day from 9am-2pm and that she lives on Tharleon Street. The party went to the market to ask around and found out exactly where Tharleon Street was and headed straight there.

There they found Lady Everdawn out the front of her house knitting. After inviting them inside, she fills them in on what is missing and why she suspects the Black Knives. She says her husband, a lord who works at the Halls of Justice, has tangled with them in the past and believes it may be retribution. The party, being told he's still at work, head for the Halls of Justice. 

However, on the way they are accosted by 3 thuggish looking bandits. After a scrap they kill the 2 cronies and corner the leader, who after some interrogation tells them he was hired by a red-hooded goblin to recover a small rock-like artefact from a tiefling matching Mhazhique's description, and to meet them back at [[The Angry Coxswain]], a tavern in the dock ward, 2 nights from then (1 night from now) at closing time. 

They agree to part ways, the leader tells them he won't tell the client he told them, instead he will just inform him of his failure and to keep his money. The party plans on ambushing the client the following day at closing time of [[The Angry Coxswain]].



# Detailed Session Overview

This is what happened in detail! 