---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2024-03-16
players: 4
Status: ✅
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Rosie]]
- [[Flick McPlumbs|Cameron]]
- [[Lord Maji Cock|Ben]]
- [[Gil Lioth|Alex]]

## Absent

%% Keep track of who didn't turn up. %%

- [[Mhazhique Waand|Tom]]

# Session Overview

%% I like to keep a quick summary of sessions here. %%

The party started off having just left the [[Courthouse on Selduth Street|Courthouse]] with [[Volothamp Geddarm]] having just signed the deed to [[The Troll's Sack]] 

### Welcome to Trollskull Alley
[[Volothamp Geddarm|Volo]] called a carriage to take them from the  to [[Trollskull Alley]], pointing out different points of interest as they make their way down The High Road. As they reach the alley they get out just in front of [[The Troll's Sack]], take in the general atmosphere of the alley without exploring much and follow [[Volothamp Geddarm|Volo]]  inside [[The Troll's Sack]] .

### Trollskull Manor
[[Volothamp Geddarm|Volo]] explains to the party what he was doing and that he never experienced any haunting of any kind, but did relay the tale of [[Lif]] to them as they seemed interested regardless. He left them to explore on their own, handing over the keys and a copy of his book [[11-volos-waterdeep-enchiridion|Volo's Waterdeep Enchiridion]]. 

The party have a look around the manor, investigating different rooms and finding naught but broken furniture and old items like tankards. 

[[Gil Lioth|Gil]] finds the trapdoor to the basement in the taproom and opening it finds no ladder down. He improvises by finding a relatively in-tact table in the taproom, wedging it behind the bar and tying his rope to it to lower himself down. At one point he sees a strange shadow but he is more distracted by his search for ale to care. He hears a knock at the door and decides to make his way back out up the rope. However, as he reached the top of the rope, he managed to grab on to the floor of the tap room just as the table leg the rope was tied to gives way, breaking and falling, with the rope, down the trap door and clanks on the basement floor. Cursing this unfortunate event, he makes his way towards the door from where he heard the knock.

Most of the party are upstairs in the living section of the Manor and they heard the knock too and already made their way outside. The knock was from [[Broxley Fairkettle]] who had come to get their signatures on the contract for the [[Fellowship of Innkeepers]] to allow them to reopen the manor as a tavern/inn. They are somewhat reluctant to sign at first, not knowing how much it will cost to bring the tavern back to life before they can reopen, but they agree that the fees themselves were reasonable and the promise of a free survey as on behalf of the [[Fellowship of Innkeepers]] deal is enough to satisfy their worries.  They sign and eventually let [[Broxley Fairkettle|Broxley]] get on his way.

At this point, [[Gil Lioth|Gil]] is desperate for an ale so the party set about finding the nearest open tavern. They knock on the door of the house opposite [[The Troll's Sack]] and the door is answered by an old man in sleepwear who doesn't seem to be with it at all. A confused conversation occurs and he eventually shuts the door on them. The party keeps searching and see a woman sweeping up outside [[Corellon's Crown]] and ask her if she knows. She tells them about [[Frewn's Brews]] but doesn't recommend it and states the area is sadly lacking  a decent tavern. 

Following her instructions, most of the party makes their way out of the alley and round to the front door. [[Gil Lioth|Gil]] first tries to go in the back way and gets frustrated. 

### Frewn's Brews
Arriving at the front door to [[Frewn's Brews]], [[Lord Maji Cock]] and [[Flick McPlumbs]] almost immediately double over, retching from the scent of whatever is coming from inside. [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore]] doesn't seem too phased by it and makes their way inside. 

Approaching the bar [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Drewid]]  sees [[Emmek Frewn]], orders the only thing on the menu, Frewn's Brew, which comes thickly slopping out of an old looking tap behind the bar. At this point [[Gil Lioth]]  walks in, breathes in the ale scent and almost runs up the bar, [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Drewid]] slides over the ale she just order and [[Gil Lioth|Gil]]  necks it. 

[[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Drewid]] enquires with [[Emmek Frewn|Emmek]] about [[The Troll's Sack]] and he fumes, telling them to "fuck off" and not to ask him questions about [[The Troll's Sack]]. 

They leave and head back to [[The Troll's Sack]] to call it a night. The night is uneventful, [[Flick McPlumbs]] marks his room by pissing on the wall after almost pissing on [[Mhazhique Waand]]'s wall. 

### First Dawn at Trollskull Manor
The gang are woken up by banging on the door as the sun is rising over [[Waterdeep]] . They all make their way outdoors and meet [[Hammond Kraddoc]] and his assistant Jenny. He hands them a list of options for alcohol stock when they get the tavern up and running, takes a few questions but seems to be impatient and brash, wanting to get on his way. After this, the gang decide to explore [[Trollskull Alley]]  during the day, first heading to the [[Tiger's Eye]]  as marked on [[Trollskull Alley-20240311105803945.webp|Volo's map]].  

### Tiger's Eye
The first knock at the door, by [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]], goes unanswered. The second and the door seems to open on it's own. Not as if it was already unlocked, but you could hear the mechanism of the lock and then the handle and it swings slowly open, revealing a set of stairs straight forward, no other doors or corridors. At the top of the stairs is another door. [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]]  ascends on his own, everyone else stays at the bottom of the stairs or outside.  [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]] waits and nothing happens. Eventually he hears a voice that sounds like it's coming from the door in a telecom style saying "Knocking usually helps". 

After some witty reparte,  [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]] enters as the door opens revealing a dusky investigators room, at the desk, very dimly lit, sits a figure in a coat and hat, smoking a pipe. This is [[Vincent Trench]]. They have a chat and [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]] eventually asks him if he knows anything about why [[Emmek Frewn]] seems salty about the mention of [[The Troll's Sack]]. [[Vincent Trench|Vincent]] says he already knows a lot about the situation but that information isn't free in his business. He charges [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]] 40 gold for the information. 

He informs [[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]] that [[Emmek Frewn]] tried to buy the manor at the same time as [[Volothamp Geddarm|Volo]] but was outbid. He outlines his desperation and what he had to do instead of buying [[The Troll's Sack]]  involving being ripped off and being in debt. He also says it's probably best not to let him know they now own it, but it seems this cat was already let out of the bag by [[Flick McPlumbs|Flick]].

[[Lord Maji Cock|Maji]] thanks [[Vincent Trench|Vincent]] and leaves.  He informs the party of what he has learned and they make a note to try and deal with any possible backlash from [[Emmek Frewn]].

### The Steam and Steel
They decide to check out more of the alley and first make their way to [[The Steam and Steel]].  The party meets [[Avi]] and [[Embric]], the two [[genasi-mpmm|Genasi]]  that run the place, and ask them about [[Frewn's Brews]] but they don't know much as they don't frequent the tavern. Moving on they decide to order some things and [[Gil Lioth|Gil]] in particular makes a special order request for a giant tankard. [[Avi]] says they'll try but can't promise anything as they're usually weaponsmiths, not drinkware merchants. they finish up business with the owners and part on good terms as they leave to continue exploring.

## END OF SESSION