---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2024-07-06
players: 5
Status: ✅
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Rosie]]
- [[Mhazhique Waand|Tom]]
- [[Flick McPlumbs|Cameron]]
- [[Lord Maji Cock|Ben]]
- [[Gil Lioth|Alex]]

## Absent

%% Keep track of who didn't turn up. %%

# Session Recap

1. Went to the Halls of Justice to talk to Lord Everdawn and discovered some details of his gambling past. Maji peered through the window being 12 ft tall and found him there. 
2. They watched him home as he was fearful of ambush 
3. They went home to rest 
4. During the night, Gil received a letter on a flying snake and Maji heard a voice in his head telling him to go to Blackstaff Tower with his friends.
5. In the morning, Gil kept quiet about his letter, but Maji told them about the message in his head and they decided to go straight to Blackstaff Tower
6. At Blackstaff Tower they encountered the source of the voice, [[Vajra Safahr]]. Who told them they'd heard of their exploits and wanted to offer Maji a membership to Force Grey should he take and complete a mission to learn what Hlam knows. 
7. They accept and go in search of Hlam, who resides in a cave on the west side of Mount Waterdeep. They eventually find the cave, but Maji and Mhazhique take 2 and 3 points of exhaustion respectively having failed some checks. 
8. Hlam, a hermit monk, seems difficult at first. Eventually Gil suggests a challenge to earn his trust and Hlam asks Maji to climb to the Griffon atop the mountain and return to tell Hlam what he discovers. 
9. Hlam is waiting for Maji at the Griffon, seemingly projected, and asks him who his friends are really. He accepts Maji's honest answer and tells him he believes the party to be balanced, but to be wary for any breaking could alter that balance. He gives him some false information to tell him he learned on his return as the party will be unaware of this. 
10. Maji returns, gives the fake info, and in return Hlam tells them what they need to know for the mission. 
11. Hlam gifts Mhazhique a hand pan
12. They descend the mountain and take a moment to decide what to do next
13. End of session.

# Detailed Session Overview

This is what happened in detail! 