---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2024-07-27
players: 5
Status: ✅
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Rosie]]
- [[Mhazhique Waand|Tom]]
- [[Flick McPlumbs|Cameron]]
- [[Lord Maji Cock|Ben]]
- [[Gil Lioth|Alex]]

## Absent

%% Keep track of who didn't turn up. %%

# Session Recap

1. The party entered the [[Dragon's Head Tavern]] and interacted with [[Erig]]. [[Mhazhique Waand]] and [[Lord Maji Cock]] rent a room to get a long rest while the rest of the party wait, doing various other things.
2. [[Flick McPlumbs]] gets a message from the [[Harpers]]'s on a paper bird. It contains tickets and an invitation to an opera at the [[Lightsinger Theater]]. 
3. After trying to hang out with his party members who seem to not want to socialise, he disturbs an old couple, eats some scones, and then leaves to find a clothing shop.
4. He finds [[Rebeleigh's Elegant Headwear]] and meets [[Rebeleigh]], a mysteriously fancy, and slightly flirtatious Tabaxi hatter who shows him some fancy hats, but on revealing the price, Flick suddenly feels out of place and runs from the shop cursing Rebeleigh's name.
5. He returns to the [[Dragon's Head Tavern]] and the party sets off for [[The Angry Coxswain]] to try get more information about the mysterious goblin who ordered Dwayne's retrieval. 
6. On their arrival they find a packed tavern as they arrive earlier than the time stated by the goblin. They go inside to scope out the joint. 
7. [[Mhazhique Waand]] gets annoyed by a very drunk goblin but ascertains that it's not the one they're looking for.
8. Flick stays outside and watches a dog chase a rat.
9. After a while, Flick notices a few hooded figures go down the alley by the side of the tavern, he heads inside to tell the party.
10. Flick and Mhazhique go to the alleyway to investigate while Maji, Geoff and Gil discuss if there's anything they can find inside and look for a way behind the bar.
11. Flick and Mhazhique explore the alleyway and find no solid clues but find a door that looks like it goes into the side of the angry coxswain with muddy footsteps going toward it. 
12. Inside, Geoff turns into a cat and sneaks behind the bar, finding a door with light coming from behind it. They then turn into a mouse so they can squeeze under the door and when they do so they see a table with 4 figures sat seemingly waiting. 3 medium humanoids (1 bald man, 1 hairy man, and 1 older bald and bearded man with a scar down his face) and 1 small humanoid.
13. Geoff goes back to tell Maji and Gil what they've seen.
14. Meanwhile, outside, Mhazhique and Flick are arguing about whether to try break the door down when they are interrupted by the leader of the thugs from the day before who tells them to leave as they're going to ruin everything. 
15. As this is happening, Gil Geoff and Mhazhique come round the corner and the thug says "Wait you're all here?..."
16. The door opens as they weren't being very quiet and standing there is the older bald and bearded man with the scar, hood down. 
17. The man recognises [[Mhazhique Waand]] as the one they're looking for and immediately informs the other hooded figures and they all get up from the table and ready their weapons. 
18. A fight/quarrel ensues, the hooded gang not aiming to kill but only maim. The party tries their hardest to deal with the situation.
19. Mhazhique takes out [[Dwayne]]... at which point the hooded figures attention is drawn, particularly the bald bearded older man who is stood right before him and makes a grab for him.
20. Some back and forth happens and Dwayne ends up getting grabbed and passed back to another hooded figure and Mhazhique is panicking. 
21. Geoff went to cut off the smaller figure who disappeared back into the room, and manages to meet them at the tavern main door, making them run back inside, they followed.
22. Maji also attempted to gas into someone's lungs and expand from the inside but the man succeeds his check and coughs him out instead, still taking damage however, but not obliterating him. 
23. End of session.

# Detailed Session Overview

This is what happened in detail! 