---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2025-03-01
players: 5
Status: ✅
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
---



# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Drewid 'Geoff' Barrymore|Rosie]]
- [[Mhazhique Waand|Tom]]
- [[Flick McPlumbs|Cameron]]
- [[Lord Maji Cock|Ben]]
- [[Gil Lioth|Alex]]

## Absent

%% Keep track of who didn't turn up. %%

# Session Recap

- The party resumed their adventure leaving the yawning portal after Gil accepted an invitation to the Zhentarim taking his first faction mission.
- With the lead on Dwayne being potentially sewer related, they headed to the Guild of Sewers to get information
- They found a burnt-out boarded up husk of a building with a "Closed for Business" sign stuck to the boards with no sign of accessibility. 
- They remembered they had made a deal with a halfling fellow whose basement they emerged from last time they were in the sewers, to re-access should they need to.
- They headed there, negotiated with the halfling and entered the tunnels beneath his house.
- They followed the tunnel back toward the Xanathar lair they had been to before and encountered a couple of goblins who were in the process of cleaning up the lair to abandon it as it had been compromised. 
- They had a small scuffle, killed one and forced the other to surrender before offering him alternate employment should they spy on the guild from within for them meeting them at [[The Yawning Portal]] in three days time.
- They gleaned from him also that Nar'l could be found not too far away in another Xanathar lair, and following their directions they found a rune covered door.
- They eventually figured out the musical pattern to open the door and Mhazhique legged it down the tunnel beyond. 
- They came across a room with a few Goblins and a hooded figure stood over a book, and when they came round the corner they spotted a large rock-like figure in a cage.
- The goblins released the creature from the cage to help them and it began to attack members of the party but seemed reluctant, shaking its head and growling as if in pain
- Mhazhique seeing the figure immediately thought this was Dwayne and heard the growls as a very deep guttural "Dwaaaayyne"
- The party began fighting the group of Xanathar members and Gil had particular success grappling onto the mage figure and using many of his new abilities to good advantage.
- Maji created an illusory bear in the mind of 1 goblin
- Geoff became an actual bear
- This paid off later with the goblin not believing Geoff the bear to be real after investigation the illusory bear as fake, and was killed by geoff the bear.
- The mage managed to bamf away
- Mhazhique and Dwayne have a moment together
- Flick picks up the book.

# Detailed Session Overview

This is what happened in detail! 